three two one here we go hey everybody
what's going on
it is stagnant X rampage and today we're
I'm gonna show you guys how to do the
swimming in the water glitch so I got my
two friends here they'll be
demonstrating too so you can see from
not only my point of view but how they
are in the water
so but what before you started you want
to go to game edit game rules um just so
you can have a little more fun I suggest
putting the health up to 200 so you
could last in there longer I'm pretty
sure this is online I'm gonna be family
fire on so and they kill me they'll be
able to you know you'll be able to like
see the point of view from the killcam I
think they do kill come too much alright
but we're just gonna start it up you can
do a random class it doesn't really
matter
[Music]
we did we did see uh susana Dennis a
channel oh here we go custom one so uh
this is what you do here oh by the way
put a tactical insertion on because
you're not gonna want to walk back and
forth so um
alright so here are my two friends
they're demonstrating today you can't
hear them that's the problem but that's
fine alright so what you want to do is
go up to the water before you go here
turn around walk backwards once you fall
hold be I mean kit be and then you'll be
kind of like swimming a little you won't
last too long but here watch baller do
it watch from here yeah you could ensure
way off low by ball yeah he he goes
pretty far alright there's there and
then I can go again you can go forward
so I just like go backwards sometimes
oh yeah sure all right so now they're
gonna kill me in the water I'm not sure
if that's for the killcam no oh
dolphin died let's check it out and then
hold B Oh Frick sometimes Italy glitched
out and goes really slowly I'm not sure
oh my god baller went far he went far
all right dolphin dive he said he said
that tried dolphin diving so let's try
dolphin dive
Oh dolphin diving look up he said try
that let's try
Oh what's watching do it oh he's going
he's going he's going oh oh yeah oh yeah
oh I was going pretty far that's not oh
he's going he's going aha oh my god
that's freaking awesome oh oh yeah I'm
going I'm going
alright ah I see I don't have a good as
longest time alright by the way guys
that is hijacked that is hijacked 100%
sure that is are jacked watch I'll kill
I'll kill myself right now I need to
check it out this is how you all cabin
switch but that's fine yeah I'm doing
that right now anyway guys once one last
thing um this I'm just gonna repeat how
you do it this is how you do it for
anyone that didn't hear it just walk in
and you can inch your way off once you
get hurt hope kick click B and you can
go you're not gonna go forever but or
you could also dump and dive like my
friend baller said and hold could be and
then look up up and down all right guys
all right guys thank you for watching
there's might be a little some more
glitches coming out soon maybe some more
tips and tricks on videos so make sure
you subscribe like and comment and Tara
will probably be my demonstrator alright
everyone thank you for watching and I'll
see you guys later